Successful stories and conflicts: A literature review on the effectiveness of flipped learning in higher education
As technological advancements continue to revolutionize teaching, the use of technology in both college/university and K-12 classrooms is making flipped learning a trending instructional model. “Flipping” the classroom reverses a traditional model of in-class lecture followed by practice and homework. The roles and responsibilities of instructors and students often require a new or enhanced skill set where the instructor designs intentional learning experiences to engage students outside of the classroom. The learner is accountable for exploring materials outside of class in a self-directed manner, attempting to gain foundational knowledge before class, and then actively applying it in the classroom. This review analyses the research on flipped learning and flipped classrooms in higher education from a variety of aspects including implementation, efficacy, and quality.

Lay Description
What is currently known about the subject matter?

Flexible environment: Flipped learning allows for a variety of learning modes; educators often physically rearrange their learning spaces to accommodate a lesson or unit and to support either group work or independent study.
Learning culture: The Flipped Learning Model deliberately shifts instruction to a learner-centred approach, where in-class time is dedicated to exploring topics in greater depth and creating rich learning opportunities.
Intentional content: Flipped learning educators continually think about how they can use the Flipped Learning Model to help students develop conceptual understanding, as well as procedural fluency.
Professional educator: The role of a professional educator is even more important and often more demanding, in a flipped classroom than in a traditional one. During class time, they continually observe their students, providing them with feedback relevant in the moment, and assessing their work.
What their paper adds to this?

A review of the research base upon which the Flipped Learning Model is built;
Includes student-centred, active learning, and Cognitive Load theory;
How the model serves diverse student populations; and
The role of technology.
Finally, the implications of study findings for practitioners:

Presents models and applications of flipped classrooms and flipped learning to challenge teachers to reflect on their practice;
Provide opportunities for teachers rethink how they reach their students. It is an approach that encourages students to set the pace for truly individualized instruction; and
A catalyst for teachers, administrators, and students to change the way things have always been done.
1 INTRODUCTION
The teaching technique is on the rise, thanks to a confluence of factors, including technology and economic reality (Estes, Ingram, & Liu, 2014). Institutions of higher education are challenged by increased scrutiny to improve student learning and demonstrate programme effectiveness (O'Flaherty & Phillips, 2015). Through a collective movement to improve higher education, policy makers, scholars, advocacy groups, and others aim to enhance students' learning based on evidence-based strategies. As for the mission of institutes of higher education to graduate more students and as cognitive psychology produces new insights into how students learn, it seems that professors can no longer simply deliver information and hope that students understand it (Berrett, Mangan, Neshyba, Talbert, & Young, 2014).

Taking the students of current millennial generation into account, there are a variety of technologies available to enhance student learning. Simply, for this generation, they require to be engaged in their learning by being reactionary and immediate. In response to these expectations, universities internationally have recognized that in order to maintain student engagement, increase their satisfaction, and promote their learning, it is essential to utilize technology with or without traditional pedagogical approaches (O'Flaherty & Phillips, 2015). Thinking about economic aspects, it sounds difficult for colleges to decrease class sizes and create more seminars in which low student-to-professor ratios enhance a high degree of personal attention. Institutes of higher education are looking for more cost-effective, student-centred strategies, approaches, and curricula to provide students with dynamic and innovative opportunities for their learning. Even advocates for new approaches to teaching concede that the lecture is not going away (Berrett et al., 2014; Ferreri & O'Connor, 2013; O'Flaherty & Phillips, 2015). The lecture model-putting dozens, hundreds, or even thousands of students in a room with a professor is still there because it makes economic sense (Berrett et al., 2014).

What has been mentioned continually challenges educators to find new strategies for engaging students in the classroom with the purpose of increasing the effectiveness of the learning process (Strayer, 2012). One of the newest strategies is flipped learning or flipped classrooms. Flipped learning is emerging as a unique approach to improving learner retention and the transfer of information, while making efficient use of class time (Estes et al., 2014). The purpose of this review is to provide an analysis of the studies that have measured the effectiveness of flipped learning and flipped classrooms in higher education to date. Specifically addressed is the impact of flipped learning from the students' and instructors' views and issues and conflicts in this regard are reported. Also, throughout this review, the authors aim to provide an overview of the efficacy and quality of this model.

2 REVIEW OF THE LITERATURE ON FLIPPED LEARNING
Designing flipped learning
The term “flipped classroom” was coined in 2012 by two high school chemistry teachers from Colorado, Bergmann and Sams (2012) who began teaching with this model in 2007. The Flipped Learning Model has since spread to many other teachers and instructors within K-12 and college and university settings. In early 2012, Sams and Bergmann started the not-for-profit Flipped Learning Network™ to provide educators with the knowledge, skills, and resources to successfully implement the Flipped Learning Model, referred to generally as flipped learning (Sherrow, Lang, & Corbett, 2016).

Flipped learning reverses a traditional model of in-class lecture followed by assignments. The roles and responsibilities of instructor and student are proactive and often require a new or enhanced skill set. The instructor designs intentional learning experiences to engage students. The learner is accountable for exploring materials such as modules, videos, or readings, in a self-directed manner. Students attempt to gain foundational knowledge before class, and then actively apply it in the collaborative classroom (EDUCAUSE Learning Initiative, 2012).

In a flipped learning setting, instructors make lessons available to students to be accessed whenever and wherever it is convenient for them, at home, in class, or even while commuting to and from class. Additional ways instructors may deliver this information is by recording and narrating screencasts, demonstrating or explaining concepts using their computers; and creating videos of themselves, teaching, or creating video lessons from trusted Internet sites. Students can watch the videos or screencasts as many times as they need to, enabling them to be more productive learners in the classroom (Musallam, 2010). Because direct instruction is delivered outside the group learning space, instructors can then use in-class time to actively engage students in the learning process and provide them with individualized support (Hamdan, McKnight, McKnight, & Arfstrom, 2013).

The key features of flipped learning
Because flipped learning focuses on meeting individual student learning needs as opposed to a specific methodology with a clear set of rules, a cadre of experienced educators from the Flipped Learning Network (Hamdan et al., 2013), along with Pearson's School Achievement Services (Pearson & the Flipped Learning Network, 2013), identified the key features, or pillars, of flipped classrooms that allow flipped learning to occur. The four pillars of F-L-I-P™ are Flexible Environment, Learning Culture, Intentional Content, and Professional Educator. These four key features of the Flipped Learning Model embed the opportunity to maximize student learning opportunities in the classroom by deliberately shifting direct instruction to outside the group learning space. The emphasis on maximizing one-on-one interactions turns the focus to student-centred instruction that more actively involves students in the learning process. These approaches are commonly said to involve “active learning,” defined as “the process of having students engage in some activity that forces them to reflect upon ideas and how they are using those ideas”(Michael, 2006).

Critiquing flipped learning
Concerns have been expressed of the full-scale adoption of this method, arguing that flipped learning sacrifices actual instruction in order to increase opportunities for student collaboration and activities generated and led by students (Brame, 2013). Critics of flipped learning state that this type of learning places too much emphasis on lectures and homework, neither of which is productive and forces a need to standardize the learning experience, which will further the privatization of education and the elimination of some teachers (Marshall & Taylor, 2003; Stumpenhorst, 2013). Bergmann and Sams (2012) noted that flipped learning might be appropriate for certain lessons or units in some lower elementary grades but not entire classes. Research that focuses on who benefits from flipped learning, in what ways and in what contexts flipped learning is appropriate, would help educators understand when flipping the classroom would benefit learners and when it might not be warranted (Kyukim, Kim, Khera, & Joan, 2014).

The Flipped Learning Model: Implementation and instructional foundation
Technological advancements such as the increasingly accessible and the reliable nature of the Internet afford the delivery of content in ways not previously possible (EDUCAUSE Learning Initiative, 2012). Many educators start flipping their classroom by using readily available materials such as online videos, podcasts, readings, and modules. Technologies that use online video and audio (podcasts), for example, have made it simpler to deliver asynchronous instruction to students in the growing number of flipped classrooms (EDUCAUSE Learning Initiative, 2012). The use of videos or other digital technologies to deliver content outside of class does not guarantee that anything different will occur during class time. However, due to the emphasis on students becoming the agents of their own learning rather than the object of instruction, the Flipped Learning Model can enable educators to make the shift from teacher-driven instruction to student-centred learning (Hamdan et al., 2013).

As previously noted, flipped learning is a pedagogical approach where direct instruction is shifted outside the classroom and the focus is on transforming the learning space to one that is interactive with the educator guiding students as they engage with the subject matter (Pettis, 2014). This allows the classroom to become more student-centred, engaging the student as the centre of the learning process. This approach also allows an opportunity to spark interest and motivation among the student. The instructor becomes the facilitator of learning and requires continuous innovation and monitoring in order to facilitate a student-centred classroom and use in-class time to actively engage students in the learning process and provide them with individualized support (Hamdan et al., 2013).

Flipped learning applications and outcomes in higher education
Flipped learning is particularly well-suited to higher education settings for a variety of reasons. The in-class discussion and enrichment activities allowed by moving content delivery outside of class time provide opportunities for students to develop vital skills needed in the 21st century, including critical thinking, creativity, communications, and collaboration. The model can also be especially useful in large lecture courses where student engagement and interaction is usually minimal (Marcey & Fletcher, 2014).

Driven by the belief that traditional lecture tutorials fail in developing a formidable knowledge structure, some studies aimed to explore the benefits of flipped classrooms in higher education. Outcomes of these studies suggest that using a flipped method of delivering curriculum targets maximum utilization of students' own times (Pettis, 2014). Markedly, this method does encourage problem-based learning in which students developed different ways of handling classroom problems (Kyukim et al., 2014). It is believed that less formal instructional arrangements in the classroom help to tackle misunderstandings of the content enabling students to develop a closer rapport with the instructors and at higher levels than those in conventional learning models (Driscoll, 2012; Fairbairn, 2009).

Doyle (2015) concluded that faculty favoured flipping the classroom because it increased student engagement and reinforced essential clinical skills for real-world application. Likewise, it has been stated by educators in current research that flipped classrooms enabled them to explore systems outside the classroom structures to pass knowledge and even though there are great arrays of varieties in learning activities and arrangements in flipped classrooms, different styles of lecture presentation create a sense of unsettledness within students (Fairbairn, 2009; Ferreri & O'Connor, 2013; Love, Hodge, Grandgenett, & Swift, 2014; O'Flaherty & Phillips, 2015). From the educators' viewpoints, it is also believed that students' acceptance and favourable perceptions of flipped classrooms were inversely related to the amount of preparation required for in-class discussion. In this regard, it is believed that training students to transition from passive learners to active learners can promote success in the flipped classrooms (Kyukim et al., 2014).

Studies focusing on advantages that flipped learning can bring to higher education report that it has a considerable positive impact on students' attendance in class which can improve both learning and engagement (Deslauriers & Wieman, 2011). Additionally, results of classroom assessments indicate that students in the flipped courses score more than twice as well as students in the traditional learning environment due to interactive learning methods (Aronson & Arfstrom, 2013; McLaughlin et al., 2013).

Additional benefits described by students of a flipped classroom are a better understanding of course materials and improving design skills (Warter-Perez & Dong, 2012). It was reported by a majority of students enrolling in flipped classrooms that the new learning environment allowed them to gain better hands-on design skills and helped them to learn the content better and extend their learning objectives (Love et al., 2014).

Flipped learning has been shown to also democratize the learning environment. This is demonstrated by students being more likely to have a choice in what learning tasks they engage in and that they are more likely to engage in collaborative decision-making with other students. Students are also more likely to engage in critical thinking and problem-solving activities, and the instructor is more likely to take the students' interests, strengths, and weaknesses into account when designing in-class activities. These activities can then result in a shared social experience atypical of traditional classrooms (Driscoll, 2012; Sherrow, Lang, & Corbett, 2015).

Other researchers have reported the format of flipped classrooms seems to suit students' needs better by providing more support, more flexibility, and increasing productivity during classroom experiences than in a traditional class. The content additionally seems to provide a more dynamic and engaging experience than in the past (Forsey, Low, & Glance, 2013). Researchers indicate that a students' progress through the material faster, understand topics in greater depth, and additional content can be covered without sacrificing the quality of the course as a whole (Papadapoulos & Roman, 2010; Ruddick, 2012).

Shifting to a flipped learning model
Shifting to a Flipped Learning Model can be an overwhelming task and determining how, how much, and what to “flip” is critical. Researchers have found that four distinct cyclic phases occur when transitioning to flipped learning. These phases include motivation to change; preparations to flip (including cognitive, curricular, and student notification); adoption of pedagogy and practice strategies in learning environments; and reflections on the benefits and challenges of adopting the model (Fairbairn, 2009). The paradigm shift in instructional practice also requires a shift in how instructors are prepared and supported. This includes additional collaboration and communication among faculty and administrators, as well as students enrolled in the classes (Zappe, Messner, Litzinger, Lee, & Leicht, 2009). Flipped learning has shown that students become more involved in knowledge construction in and out of the classroom. This requires more evaluation of what students learned and the meaningful understandings and collaborations that occurred because of the implementation of flipped learning (Fulton, 2012).

The shift from traditional lectures to flipped classrooms has addressed some issues that have been noted in certain fields of study. For example, limited professor–student interaction has been noted in engineering classrooms. This, in turn, has resulted in the prevalence of passive learning (Zappe et al., 2009). When the content was flipped in these same classes, students showed more constant and positive interactions with instructors and peers during class time resulting in instructors providing students more access to course materials and instruction. Changes for students included an increase in the students' ability to work at their own pace and exercise more choice in how they demonstrated their learning (Driscoll, 2012).

Flipped classrooms' impact on course evaluations and student outcomes
Some comparison of course evaluations between the class formats also revealed that students were provided more opportunities to develop verbal communication skills and tackle and resolve unfamiliar problems in the flipped course. The activities resulted in better overall course grades and greater preference for working in teams (Ferreri & O'Connor, 2013; Findlay-Thompson & Mombourquette, 2013; Tune, Sturek, & Basile, 2013). Students reported that the increased interaction in flipped classrooms and more student-oriented activities were helpful to their understanding of course concepts resulting in better grades than students in traditional, lecture-based learning environments (Kyukim et al., 2014; Papadapoulos & Roman, 2010).

According to studies aimed at comparing the impact of flipped learning on students' performance and perceptions, results suggest that students in the flipped sample performed significantly better on semester projects and final course grades (Frederickson, Reed, & Clifford, 2005), demonstrated enhanced knowledge, had more conceptual understanding, and were generally satisfied with the format. Additionally, the students' attitude towards the format became increasingly positive over the course of the semesters which helped them to be better prepared for future courses (Day & Foley, 2006; Deslauriers & Wieman, 2011; Missildine, Fountain, Summers, & Gosselin, 2013; Wilson, 2013). Flipped-class pedagogy has also been shown to enhance the students' task value and peer learning, enabling students to make gains at twice the rate of their peers in non-flipped classes (Berrett, 2012; Sherrow et al., 2015).

However, despite the increase in student achievement and the considerable positive impact on students' learning, some results indicate that students in the fully flipped sections are less satisfied with courses, which the researchers believe may have resulted from perceptions of increased workload in the flipped sections (Hall & DuFrene, 2016; McLaughlin et al., 2013; Missildine et al., 2013). Some studies have reported mixed results, describing a great deal of positive and negative comments from students of each method, concluding that there were significant perceived disadvantages of the flipped classroom method including technology issues, technology access, assessment styles, and lack of instructors availability (Driscoll, 2012; Lape et al., 2014; Yong, Levy, & Lape, 2015).

Comparison of traditional and flipped classrooms
When comparing traditional classrooms to flipped classrooms, not all research on flipped learning in higher education has reported positive effects (Frederickson et al., 2005). There is indirect evidence emerging of student and staff satisfaction with the flipped approach but a paucity of conclusive evidence that it contributes to building lifelong learning and other 21st Century skills in both undergraduate and graduate education (Marcey & Fletcher, 2014; O'Flaherty & Phillips, 2015). It is believed that even though there are arrays of learning activities and collaborative work opportunities in flipped classrooms, different styles of lecture presentation sometimes create a sense of unsettledness within students. Equally, issues of being uncomfortable in a new learning structure remained an issue in the flipped classrooms (Strayer, 2012).

Additional issues of flipped learning include students believing that class time is wasted as students feel they are not able to get as much done in class and are required to do homework. It also appears that a lot of the complaints about flipped learning arose from its stark differences from the traditional teaching method. Students had learned one way to learn in k-12 settings and were asked to learn in a different way when attending post-secondary programmes, in particular, for introductory courses (Lape et al., 2014; Strayer, 2012; Yong et al., 2015).

Research on a type of flipped classroom, blended course delivery, found mixed results of students' preference. Although the active learning and additional project time available in class improved their understanding and perception, it was also stated that some traditional lectures should be maintained (Frederickson et al., 2005; Johnson & Renner, 2012; Zappe et al., 2009).

Past and present flipped practices in higher education
Instructors and professors at many universities, including the University of British Columbia, the University of Memphis, the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, Texas A&M University, Capital University, Georgia Institute of Technology, University of Northern Colorado, and Harvey Mudd College have started incorporating elements of flipped learning into their classes. Much of the existing research assessing the effectiveness of the flipped classroom in these universities focused on (a) comparing a flipped course to previous more traditional iterations, (b) utilizing pre-post designs assessing changes from the beginning of the flipped course to the end, and/or (c) student perceptions and satisfaction with the course which each resulted in different findings (Day & Foley, 2006; Lape et al., 2014; McLaughlin et al., 2013; Missildine et al., 2013; Ruddick, 2012; Wilson, 2013).

Faculty at the University of British Columbia examined the impact that flipping a section of Introduction to Modern Physics had on student learning, suggesting that flipped learning has a positive impact on students' learning (Deslauriers & Wieman, 2011). Instructors at the University of Memphis flipped two sections of a chemistry course, designed to prepare students for the foundational chemistry. The findings suggested that implementing the Flipped Learning Model in CHEM 1100 better prepared students for later chemistry courses (Ruddick, 2012). The flipped classroom has also been evaluated in the nursing programme at Texas A&M University. Missildine et al. (2013) hoped that by providing students with videos and lectures to watch outside of class instructors could spend class time on case simulations and activities that were relevant to the real-world practice of nursing. Despite the increase in students' achievement, students in the fully flipped sections were least satisfied with courses, which the researchers believe may result from perceptions of increased workload in the flipped sections.

Wilson (2013) implemented a partially Flipped Learning Model in an undergraduate statistics course for social science majors at Capital University in Ohio. Students performed better in the flipped sections and demonstrated enhanced statistics knowledge compared with those in sections taught using a traditional lecture format the previous year. Day and Foley (2006) compared the impact of the Flipped Learning Model on students' performance and perceptions in a Human–Computer Interaction course at the Georgia Institute of Technology. The performance and perceptions of students in the flipped section were compared with students in a standard lecture section where the flipped learners performed better and had positive attitudes on application of Flipped Learning Model in their course.

The Flipped Learning Model has also been successfully applied in a graduate school setting. Over the course of 3 years, Dr. Mumper at the University of North Carolina's Eshelman School of Pharmacy evaluated the impact of flipping Basic Pharmaceutics II (a first-year pharmacy school course) where average final exam scores increased significantly. Similarly, Lape et al. (2014), professors at Harvey Mudd College, have embarked on a multi-year study of the impacts of the Flipped Learning Model on student achievement in STEM courses. This study is supported by a federal grant from the National Science Foundation. However, as of the second year of their study, they have found no significant differences in student learning between newly developed flipped classrooms and their traditional, yet interactive, lecture classes.

3 AN INSIGHT INTO THE REVIEW
There is the potential to use flipped learning to transform higher education classrooms into dynamic, interactive learning environments where the educator guides students as they apply concepts and engage creatively in the subject matter. Flipped learning can be considered as an alternative way to deliver curricula to meet the demands of the increasing amount of knowledge and skills students are expected to retain and use upon graduation (O'Flaherty & Phillips, 2015).

In the flipped classroom, educators are challenged to instill new opportunities engaging students in a more effective and efficient manner using technological advances (Strayer, 2012). However, flipped learning and flipped classrooms are not all about technology. In addition to technological aspects, other key elements of what constitutes a flipped classroom include: (a) an opportunity for students to gain exposure to content prior to class (e.g., recorded lectures and modules), (b) an incentive for students to prepare for class (e.g., preclass quizzes and entry questions), (c) a mechanism to assess student understanding (e.g., graded preclass quizzes), and (d) in-class activities that focus on higher level cognitive activities involving active learning, peer learning, and/or problem-solving (Abeysekera & Dawson, 2015; Brame, 2013). This will most likely enhance deep learning and makes flipped class a valuable pedagogy in higher education (Vliet, Winnips, & Brouwer, 2015).

Flipped learning can be considered as an alternative way to deliver curricula to meet the demands of the increasing amount of knowledge and skills students are expected to retain and use upon graduation (Arum & Roska, 2010). However, usually, many participants are neither familiar with this approach nor had engaged in an actual flipped learning environment before. Given the individualized nature of Flipped Learning Model, with students working at their own pace ensuring they are prepared for the next class, time management, resources, and additional academic experience are key elements to ensure a smooth transition to this model of learning. Flipped classrooms require students to assume more responsibility for their individual learning experience. Teachers must include clear expectations of self-direction and motivation within their syllabus or framework of the course. For this reason, verification, through application of information in a project-based scenario, may be one indication that students have performed the task of viewing the lecture prior to entering the classroom (Roehl, Reddy, & Shannon, 2013). This puts an extra workload on the instructor to organize and structure a flipped class, particularly, for first-time attendees.

It is important that the instructor of a flipped class understands and implies the goals and objectives of the curricular content to their students (Hall & DuFrene, 2016). Given that participants may not have taken a flipped course in the past, the expectations of the course need to be reinforced throughout the course. In order to execute a flipped classroom, both students and instructors encounter challenges in engaging with the class material in a new, innovative way. Whether a beginner or novice to flipped course execution, instructors need to be provided with support throughout the duration of the course reflecting on strategies and challenges of the flipped approach with their peers and current students. Consistent reflection and support can alleviate some of the confusion and lack of organization and connection that may happen in a flipped classroom. Also, an increased time commitment among both parties, as well as possible uncertainty and the need for additional clarification throughout the course, in particular regarding the first-time flipped learners, challenges both students and the instructor in a different way when interacting and developing a professional relationship.

According to Berrett et al. (2014), switching from the role of “sage on the stage” to “guide on the side” requires a professional and cultural shift that many faculty members resist. It seems easier for educators to stand up and give the same lecture they have been giving for many years than it is to rethink their course, come up with new activities, and really engage your students. Furthermore, one more challenge that educators of a flipped course might face is the implementation and evaluation of the effectiveness of their flipped classrooms. It is evident that educators do recognize the value of using sound pedagogical approaches to enhance the student experiences through curriculum renewal, but need support to develop skills needed to effectively guide the systematic use of technologies and translate conceptual thinking into planned learning sequences. Essential to the effective implementation of flipped learning are “professional educators” who are reflective and actively engage in scholarly networks (Hamdan et al., 2013).

Capitalizing on the students' preparation, instructors can devote more time to opportunities for integrating and applying their knowledge via a variety of student-centred, active learning strategies such as conducting research or working on projects with classmates. Instructors also can use class time to check on each student's understanding and, if necessary, help them develop procedural fluency. Instructors can provide individualized support as students work through the activities designed to help them master the material, meeting them at their readiness level (Allen, Seaman, & Garrett, 2007; Hall & DuFrene, 2016). Educators also need to be thoughtful about how to maximize the opportunity for students to become active learners who are empowered to take charge of their own learning. Even critics acknowledge that the changeover to flipped learning encourages instructors to re-evaluate their teaching (Hamdan et al., 2013).

Instructors continue to be in agreement that there are a few obstacles hindering them from flipping their classrooms. Addressing these concerns might ensure a smoother transition to flipped learning. First, by ensuring students have access to technology away from the classroom in order to be able to complete learning required outside of class so that be well-prepared to attend their class. Providing flipped instructors with direction on how to create high-quality instruction outside of class and then how to best utilize classroom time may ensure that flipped classes are motivating and engaging both in and outside of class. As instructors begin to flip the learning content, this will help them remember that the potential of flipped learning lies not only in the content accessed outside of class but in how instruction is presented differently. This then opens up time during class to engage in higher leverage instructional practices allowing students the opportunity to apply and analyse information.

Faculty and administrators encouraging and supporting the flipped classroom approach should be aware of the fact that flipped learning is a shift in thinking about learning and resource management. Students enrolled in a flipped classroom need to be reinforced about this concept and be provided by opportunities of reflection throughout the course. This would help in understanding why this concept is crucial for execution of this teaching approach. This process could potentially engage and benefit students in additional studying and preparation tactics outside of the class, allowing for adjustment to this new way of teaching and learning.

4 IMPLICATIONS FOR THE FUTURE
Future research could include additional research to explore the students and educators understanding of their flipped learning experiences, their interpretations of their learning and teaching skills growth, learning and teaching strategies, challenges and barriers in implementation, execution, application, and their strengths and needs as flipped learners or educators. Although flipped learning has grown in popularity, limited research and resources are currently available to support educators in transitioning their classroom to reflect flipped learning approaches (Adam, 2015). Specifically, future studies might focus on in-depth interpretations and descriptions of students' and educators' lived experiences of flipped learning. Interviews with students and instructors, as well as observations in the classroom setting aiming at the execution of class material, curriculum, time, and other resources are crucial to understanding the intent of students' perceptions of the course. Using a narrative approach, following a student throughout the duration of the course could offer additional insights into the flipped learning process for students and educators. Because the roles of students and instructor, as well as the teaching model and content, are characteristically different in the application of the flipped classroom, it is vital that additional resources are integrated at all levels. Future research can also identify the contexts in which the Flipped Learning Model works best in specific content area fields (e.g., education, engineering, and nursing) and how to most effectively apply the elements of this model to enhance course design.

Despite all technological supports, the Flipped Learning Model likely has somewhat limited applicability in some contexts, and there are understandable concerns about the time involved and fundamental shift in teaching style required. Research is needed on identifying the contexts in which the Flipped Learning Model works best and how to most effectively apply the elements of flipped learning to enhance student learning. In addition, instructors would likely benefit from institutional support and professional development during the transitional period when implementing the Flipped Learning Model. Despite these concerns and limitations, the Flipped Learning Model represents an innovative approach to teaching with the potential to create active, engaged, and learning-centred classrooms. Although there are conflicting thoughts on the efficacy and quality of some aspects of flipped learning, using a more content-oriented approach to research can help illuminate the valuable contributions this teaching method can provide to higher education classrooms.

5 CONCLUSION
Although flipped learning has grown in popularity, research and resources are still needed to support educators in transitioning their teaching to using a flipped learning approach. Research to date indicates that learner outcomes will improve if we assist instructors in higher education to maximize students' learning experiences by using the data on the basis of the outcomes of the implementation of this model to drive those decisions and effectively shift student accountability for learning using flipped methods.

As continued research and evaluation are certainly needed, the studies reviewed provide support for the potential of the Flipped Learning Model. Not only do many more instructors report successfully implementing flipped learning but also the initial empirical evidence is promising. This review reinforces the sense that flipped learning can transform college and university classrooms into dynamic, interactive learning environments where the educator guides students as they apply concepts and engage creatively in the subject matter.