Student views on the use of flipped learning in higher education: A pilot study
Abstract
Flipped learning becomes increasingly popular in higher education with the widespread use of the Internet. The traditional methods are deeply teacher-centered and students usually listen to the teacher during the course. This is different in flipped learning and the time spent in the classroom involves rich learning activities. It allowed learners to take a more active role in the class than the traditional methods. However, flipped learning also has many challenges for students. The purpose of this study is to determine the benefits and challenges of flipped learning in higher education. Participants’ views of flipped learning were collected through a questionnaire with open-ended questions. The results indicated that implementing flipped learning gave students a chance to experience greater instructional flexibility during both online and in-class sessions. The students said that they felt more responsible for their own learning. And some of them expressed disappointment with the lack of immediate feedback while watching videos and with their poor Internet accessibility outside of the classroom.

1 Introduction
Technological changes in the twenty-first-century have created new demand for learning environments. The twenty-first-century features ever-changing wireless platforms such as notebook computers, tablets, and mobile phones are part of our daily lives and have become more ubiquitous. In addition, modern societies and workplaces also require new abilities. College graduates face a challenging job market where new skills are highly valued. Creativity, innovation, critical thinking, problem-solving, collaboration, information and communication literacy, and responsibility are some of the desired skills for twenty-first-century societies. Therefore, educators work hard to transform their schools into twenty-first-century learning environments. Hamdan et al. (2013) stated that flipped learning is a learning environment which has the potential to equip learners with twenty-first-century skills (O’Flaherty and Phillips 2015) and to improve their critical thinking skills and participation.

Flipped learning is an approach that blends face-to-face interaction in the classroom with independent study outside of it, often through watching prepared video content. Researchers have offered a number of definitions of flipped learning in the literature. Essentially, flipped learning is a model that requires students to prepare themselves for the lesson by watching videos, listening to podcasts, and reading articles (Mull 2012). Bishop and Verleger (2013) defined flipped learning as a student-centered learning method consisting of two parts with interactive learning activities during lessons and individual learning on computers outside of classroom. Bergmann and Sams (2014) offered the simplest definition of flipped learning by noting that “what is done at school done at home, homework done at home completed in class.” Flores et al. (2016) also underlined that flipped learning is based on a model that reorganizes the time in and outside the classroom. Hence, flipping the classroom reverses a traditional model of in-class lecture followed by homework (Sophia and Flipped Learning Network 2014).

All these definitions emphasize that there is more flexibility in learning when students can complete their studies in their own time and in their preferred places. In addition, in-class time is structured to help students participate in interactive learning activities, collaborate with peers, evaluate progress, and identify and resolve misconceptions.

Moving content delivery outside of class time allows for class discussions fostering the development of problem-solving skills and facilitates collaboration among students with enrichment activities; in turn, these activities provide opportunities for students to develop vital skills needed in the twenty-first century, including critical thinking, creativity, communication, and collaboration (Bergmann and Sams 2012; Yarbro et al. 2014; Flores et al. 2016). Marshall and DeCapua (2013) emphasized that flipped learning allows students to focus on the higher, more complicated levels of Bloom’s taxonomy. In flipped learning, the remembering and understanding levels are practiced outside the classroom; then, during class time, students focus on applying, analyzing, evaluating, and creating, which are higher-order thinking levels (Krathwohl and Anderson 2010).

2 Literature review
Flipped learning makes it easy for schools to move from an instructor-centered learning environment to a student-centered learning environment. As Hamdan et al. (2013) explained, “In the flipped learning model, teachers shift direct learning out of the large group learning space and move it into the individual learning space using with the help of one of several technologies.” Research has also shown that, as a result of flipped learning, students are more motivated and active than in traditional classrooms and that interaction between students and between students and teachers increases (Bates and Galloway 2012; Kjellin and Birkenkrahe 2015; McLean et al. 2016). While Toto and Nguyen (2009) expressed that flipped learning is an approach that increases active learning activities and creates opportunities for students to use their knowledge in class with the guidance of the teacher, Shea et al. (2012) underlined that students build their knowledge by interacting and cooperating with each other both in the classroom and in the online environment.

Despite all these positive aspects outlined in the literature, flipped learning has some negative aspects, such as limited student participation, technological issues, time for teachers to prepare materials, and limited communication between the teacher and students. The success of flipped learning depends on the motivation of the students to complete their work in their own time and in their working habits. For this reason, the most obvious criticism is that students can be resistant at the beginning of flipped learning and come to class unprepared. Some studies have pointed out that students may have difficulty adapting to this model (Herreid and Schiller 2013; Strayer 2012; Chen et al. 2014) and skip pre-class activities. It is especially useful for students to be motivated to work individually and volunteer to be more collaborative in the classroom.

Another important issue to address when beginning flipped learning is work needed to design and conduct flipped classes. Development and implementation of flipped classes are labor-intensive tasks for teachers and require technological skills. Johnson (2013) explained that instructors creating and implementing flipped classes should be computer-literate if they are to be successful. Additionally, the considerable workload involved when creating flipped learning materials is another limitation of flipped learning. Critics have agreed that the changeover to the flipped model encourages teachers to reconsider their teaching and instructional materials (Acar and Köse 2017; Bäcklund and Hugo 2018).

Despite these negative aspects, flipped learning has become popular in many educational institutions around the world. While the world outside of school may change, traditional classrooms resist change. Many students are still completing the process by commit content to memory. Considering those changes and needs, flipped learning has become a hot topic in education, and it is gaining attention among instructors.

This article reports on a pilot study for flipped learning. In this study, researchers decided to implement flipped learning in their classes at the university level. Universities have become more responsive to the workforce needs of the twenty-first century. Students no longer want to learn textbook facts and formulas; instead, they want to focus on knowledge related to real problems and issues (Bäcklund and Hugo 2018; O’Flaherty and Phillips 2015; Chua and Lateef 2014; Aronson and Arfstrom 2013; Enfield 2013; Bergmann and Sams 2012; Berrett 2012).

Researchers’ long-lasting experience in teaching and their classroom observations during their instructional sessions showed that the traditional teaching format was not working well for university students and that students should participate in practical activities or discuss basic issues in detail to gain twenty-first-century skills. In addition, they must have the opportunity to use the knowledge and skills gained from teaching to solve the problems they face. Considering the potential benefits and challenges of flipped learning, the researchers have decided to try this new approach to provide more evidence about the impact of flipped learning on student achievement in the context of instructional design and to reveal the advantages and disadvantages of the flipped learning approach. Therefore, the researchers decided to flip their “BTO212: Instructional Design” course by placing lecture content online for students to view in their own time while using contact sessions to provide more opportunities for group learning and discussion activities. The course covers the conceptual and theoretical foundations of instructional design, usability, needs analysis, evaluating learner achievement as well as determining the success of the product and the process.

3 Methodology
This descriptive study aims to examine the implementation of the flipped learning process at the university level and identify the students’ opinions of the implementation. The following research questions guided the study:

1.
What are students’ opinions on the benefits of the flipped learning?

2.
What are students’ opinions on challenges they faced during the flipped learning?

We collected data through a questionnaire with open-ended questions and applied the descriptive analysis technique on the collected data.

3.1 Study group
The group was identified using convenience and purposeful sampling methodologies. The participants of the study consisted of 55 teacher candidates studying in Department of Computer Education and Instructional Technologies who were taking an instructional design course that the researchers flipped in the 2015–2016 academic year.

3.2 Implementation process
This section offers an explanation of the basic procedures and tools. The flipped learning approach, which included an extensive literature review and a detailed planning phase, consisted of two main components: the online learning environment and classroom sessions. Also, the researchers created a Facebook group to support online and class sessions as well as strengthen interaction among the students and between the students and the instructor.

3.2.1 Online learning environment
This section explains the system’s infrastructure, including the design process, hardware, and software. The process was planned in detail, and a syllabus was developed for online and class activities for 14 weeks. Then the researchers recorded 5- to 6-min videos of the lectures using Camtasia, which is a video editing software platform that helped the researchers to create video tutorials and presentations. The researchers used PowToon, a user-friendly and intuitive animation software, to enrich the videos with animations. The beginnings (intros) and endings (outros) of videos were created. The same video segment served as intro and outro for each video. The researchers decided to share videos for students through WordPress because it had a good security rating, well-matched page layout with Google indexing, and user-friendly dashboard and interface. WordPress also has a rich plugin and theme store to meet various needs, including a theme with learning management system features. Video-recorded lectures, PowerPoint presentations, readings, and hands-on activities were ready for students in the online learning environment. All materials were presented on website (www.ogta.net). The researchers created assessment questions that overlaid videos and required students to answer before continuing playback. In addition, students’ profile pages were open, their statistics were recorded in detail, and plugins were activated for students to follow their scores and discuss the subjects.

3.2.2 In-class session
Before the in-class session, students studied course materials, watched the videos, and prepared and submitted five questions for each lessons. This activity allowed students to examine course materials in detail. Class time was used for discussion and practice problems. Students divided into heterogeneous groups of three to four students before participating in active and collaborative assignments. The researchers moved among the groups to provide guidance, answer questions, and offer explanations at the exact time students needed them. If several groups were struggling with the same concept, the researchers provided explanations to the entire class on the concepts needed to continue the lesson. Sessions started with the jigsaw technique, in which each group member was assigned to investigate a different part of the topic. Then the students who had the same part left their initial groups and formed new groups. The students returned to their original group after discussing the parts in their new group. Then, the researchers created a FlipQuiz for each contact session based on the questions students raised. FlipQuiz provided the researchers with the ability to create test questions, which were displayed on-screen and leaderboard. The questions were scored between 100 to 500 according to their difficulty levels. Before the quiz, the groups were defined randomly using Random.org. Winners have received bonuses for grade. After each FlipQuiz, the researchers created a short exams with Socrative which was evaluate students through tablets, notebooks, or smartphones. All activities completed by students were scored and entered on website (www.ogta.net); hence, students could follow their self-development. After online and in-class sessions, students prepared a 30-min presentation as a group on the previous week’s subjects; additionally, they shared and discussed previous week’s subjects with their classmates and instructors.

3.3 Data collection tool and data analysis
The researchers designed an open-ended questionnaire to collect data about students’ views on flipped learning. The researchers gathered students’ views on the flipped learning experience immediately after the completion of the process. The questionnaire was distributed via an online platform and all students answered the questions voluntarily. Students encountered two open-ended questions:

What do you think about the benefits of the flipped learning?

What do you think about the challenges you faced during the flipped learning?

in which they could write about their positive and negative experiences with the flipped learning approach. The views of participants were analyzed individually using coding by two researchers and then sequenced using inductive coding (Strauss and Corbin 1998). Once the previously analyzed coding was completed, the reliability between the coders was %79. The reliability of the control coding was found to be %91.

4 Findings
4.1 Benefits of flipped learning implementation
Findings showed that using flipped learning is a much more effective teaching method than traditional approaches. Students expressed very positive views of flipped learning, as expressed below:

“I accessed the materials whenever I wanted; besides, materials were also very useful for other courses, and I used them several times. The implementation motivated me because I did not listen to the course material only during the class session. I was free to study whenever I wanted.” (S: 25)

“I like the new teaching method. I felt compelled to spend time outside the classroom to learn the lesson. I’m not a student who can take very good notes, so it really helped me. So, I always had the opportunity to watch videos at home.” (S: 7)

Most students (72%) thought that the teaching they encountered during flipped learning was more individualized because they could also watch lessons from home. Students expressed many positive opinions on their ability to work at their own pace through flipped learning. They particularly appreciated that it was always possible to watch videos several times without requiring extra instruction. In addition, most students reported that they were less afraid to ask questions during classroom activities. They felt that the class format helped to reduce homework anxiety and workload. Flipped learning has changed the form of homework, as students can reinforce their learning in the classroom under the guidance of their teachers. In addition, the students said that they felt more motivated by the support teachers gave during the activities. The following statements offer some examples of the positive feedback students gave regarding flipped learning:

“I liked to use it as an additional tool to learn through videos. The videos were helpful because I could pause at any time to take notes or replay if I missed something.” (S: 12)

“I could go through them and review them at my own pace. It was much easier to ask my teacher to repeat what he said during the lesson. I like to do activities in the classroom. I learned more.” (S: 39)

“It helps us to be active during the class session. Moreover, it was very joyful. I can remember everything that we learned. Moreover, we had the opportunity to do more of our activities in class. When we had questions from the activities, we had a chance to ask the teacher during the class.” (S: 11)

“I felt like I was learning in class instead of pretending to listen. It was good to be able to watch the lessons at any time of the day and to be able to move fast or slow, depending on my understanding.” (S: 1)

“It created an independent learning environment and motivated us. Additionally, we could go through videos and review them at our own pace. We were free and active during class time. We had responsibilities and felt like adults. This process changed my working habits, and I really liked it because I was prepared for the content before the class and participated in the discussions, and I was able to answer the questions more actively in the class session.” (S: 15)

“The use of video the lecture enabled me to learn the material more effectively than lecture alone. Also, everything we needed to know was on the videos, and the instructors told us how to do it. I could better understand the lecture or the supplementary material in class. I used class time to ask the teacher questions.” (S: 4)

“The most important feature of this format was the lack of stress because watching videos was very easy to do at home. Besides, we took our learning responsibilities and came to class ready. We are university students, and it was nice to have our learning responsibilities. Thanks for your effort.” (S: 17)

“It was very enjoyable to be a part of this process. It helped me learn better and was easy to be motivated. I appreciated the efforts given to the learning environment, learning materials (videos, PowerPoint presentations, activities), and hands-on activities. Thank you.” (S: 8)

“The length of the videos was quite good. I never got bored watching the videos and following the content. It was easy to reach content. I liked our instructor’s teaching methods. Therefore, it was one of the most enjoyable courses for me. Thanks for class activities. I learned a lot.” (S: 28)

“I think the teacher is very innovative and has a successful program that is very experienced in carrying out flipped learning. I find his methods very effective and efficient. It is very useful and easy for students to learn about it.” (S: 48)

Results showed that the flipped learning environment resulted in a positive experience for students who learned to appreciate the increased engagement. Those results coincided with previous studies’ results on the perspective of students about flipped learning, which has been noted as an effective way to differentiate instruction because it gives opportunities to students to work at their own pace. Results of the study showed that, when students watched the lectures at home before coming class, they had a chance to apply their new knowledge in the class session and were less anxious about their homework, which was very much in line with previous research (Houston and Lin 2012; Russell et al. 2014; Peterson 2015; Davenport 2018; Awidia and Paynterba 2019).

When asked what the students did not like about the flipped learning and what changes they could offer for the coming years, many did not report anything. Some students offered interesting opinions about the flipped learning model and in-class activities.

4.2 Challenges during flipped learning implementation
The results showed that students had some difficulties during the implementation, as explained below. Students were disappointed because they could not ask questions while watching videos, and they did not receive instant feedback. They criticized the videos as being boring, sometimes too short or too long, and too similar.

For example, one student said, “I couldn’t really focus on videos. I just ended up more confused. I would like a more deep explanation; besides, there is no instant feedback.” (S: 3)

“When I watched the video, if I had a question, I couldn’t have feedback at the moment.” (S: 24)

“Making videos was helpful, but sometimes it was boring and less stimulating than traditional lectures.” (S: 53)

The weakness of Internet access for watching videos at home was one of the disadvantages of flipped learning, as demonstrated by the following quotations.

“Sometimes it was hard to watch the videos because of bad Internet connection in our dormitory.” (S: 38)

“I had a hard time getting an Internet connection at home; therefore, I had to watch videos when I was at school.” (S: 42)

The researchers observed that the students who gained points from the activities in the class had perfect attendance. However, students underlined that the flipped learning approach restricted their free time. For example, one student stated, “The class sessions were very busy, and we had to join all activities and assessments; there was no free time even we needed it.” (S: 1).

As mentioned before, students have to send five questions, and they had a set amount of time to pose five questions after each video. However, the countdown process created stress on students, especially when they were watching the videos, as it served as a distraction.

5 Conclusion and discussion
Results showed that the implementation of flipped learning allowed students to be more active in the learning and teaching process, and it gave more time for active student participation in class. In other words, classroom time was used more effectively and creatively. Implementing flipped learning gave students a chance to experience greater instructional flexibility during both online and in-class sessions. Moreover, having material outside of class also gave them additional learning opportunities and redesing the learning environment. Using this approach, students became more involved in their own learning and took more responsibility for it. They had a chance to study the course content individually before class and then use their knowledge for a variety of activities in class. The study also found the flipped learning implementation to be effective because it allowed students who were struggling the opportunity to pause or re-watch the videos whenever needed. Many students mentioned that they were able to take better notes by pausing and replay the video, which helped them to understand the lesson. This result was consistent with many studies. (Semple 2013; Siegle 2014; Awidia and Paynterba 2019). Researchers’ observations in the classroom revealed that students were more engaged in the in-class activities after online sessions. As Senn stated (Senn 2008), an online learning environment can be used to engage students beyond the classroom. Additionally, flipped implementation made the in-class sessions more flexible and enjoyable. Most students were satisfied with the length of videos and especially appreciated the ability to work at their own pace, which was very much in line with findings in the literature. Some students’ expressed disappointment with the lack of immediate feedback while watching videos and with their poor Internet accessibility outside of the classroom.

In any learning and teaching environment, it is very important for students to know how well they are doing as they learn. That is why it is essential for teachers to monitor students’ learning and give them feedback, which makes them motivated to learn more. As Huang and Hong (2016) noted, in flipped learning environments, teachers may need to construct a communication platform for students to support their out-of-class learning and answer their questions. To address the issue of a poor Internet connection, Clark (2015) and Schultz et al. (2014) recommended that instructors may need to provide a few additional copies of flipped learning materials on DVDs.

5.1 Limitations and recommendations for future work
It is acknowledged that there are several limitations in this study. First of all, this implementation was tested only in the instructional design course. It cannot be predicted whether it will give the same results in other disciplines. Future studies could use the same design framework in other courses. Another important limitation of this study was the targeting of students in higher education. The study can be conducted with students from K-12. In this way, K-12 students’ opinions about flipped learning can be determined and a comparison can be made between levels. And researchers could add more questions to open-ended questionnaire to collect more detailed views.