Rethinking the flipped learning pre-class: Its influence on the success of flipped learning and related factors
Abstract
Flipped learning (FL) has had a substantial impact on higher education worldwide, prompting active dialog among educational researchers and practitioners. It is widely accepted that the value of FL lies in enabling in-depth, learner-centered learning experiences by offloading content delivery onto pre-class online learning. The in-class component is thus generally considered more critical, even though both pre-class and in-class elements are indispensable components of FL and practitioners are faced with the issue of under-prepared learners. In this study, we examine the significance of pre-class learning as a gateway to the intended benefits of FL. We aim to investigate the extent to which FL pre-class learning influences overall FL success and what other factors affect FL pre-class learning to ascertain the implications of designing and implementing FL pre-class learning. A college life science course was designed and implemented with the FL model for a semester, from which data were collected and statistically analyzed. The results indicate that the influence of pre-class learning on final FL success is significant and strong. Regarding the modality of pre-class learning materials, learners demonstrated higher levels of performance in the weeks with video materials than during those with reading materials. Among several learner factors, self-direction was found to significantly influence pre-class learning performance and perceived learning readiness. The role of FL pre-class learning to attain the intended value of FL is discussed, and theoretical and practical design implications are suggested.
Introduction
Flipped learning (FL) continues to broaden its impact on higher education worldwide, prompting active discussion among educational researchers and practitioners (Bergmann & Sams, 2014; He, Holton, Farkas, & Warschauer, 2016). FL differs from the earlier blended learning model in that it consists of two types of learning: individual learning as homework outside the classroom and interactive group-based learning inside the classroom (Bishop & Verleger, 2013). However, despite the plethora of work on FL, several pressing questions remain. How can the instructor best utilize both online and offline elements in an FL course? How can technology be integrated to promote the success of FL? Current research indicates that FL researchers and practitioners generally agree that students need more face-to-face help from peers or the instructor when they are struggling with intricate concepts or problems than when they receive knowledge transmission through lectures (Bergmann & Sams, 2014). Technology is considered to function far better than humans for the purpose of repeating, speeding up or slowing down lectures to match the learner's pace and to make content accessible at any time (Bush, 2013). It has been noted that by offloading content delivery onto online lectures that address the varying needs of students, offline face-to-face classroom time can be allocated to learner-centered activities such as discussion, debate, problem-solving and hands-on learning with teacher-provided assistance, such as individualized guidance, prompt feedback and motivational and emotional support (Milman, 2013). Many of the practical questions about the FL pre-class, which is the gateway to achieving the intended benefits of FL, are not yet fully resolved, however.

The pre-class of flipped learning
Although neither the pre-class nor the in-class portions of FL can be supplementary and these two indispensable elements should complement each other, the consensus seems to be that the in-class portion is a more critical component of FL than the pre-class portion (Bergmann & Sams, 2014). Media and communication theories that implicitly support FL also place more value on this in-class element (Lee, Lim, & Kim, 2017). Media richness theory, for example, points to a relationship between the characteristics of a task and the richness of a communication medium (Daft & Lengel, 1984). The theory classifies tasks as either equivocal (ambiguous and conflicting) or unequivocal (unambiguous and factual), and it classifies communication media as either rich or less rich. Rich media are types of media that provide plentiful cues or immediate feedback with an individualized focus. The theory suggests that equivocal tasks are better supported by rich media such as face-to-face communication, whereas unequivocal tasks, such as learning factual information, do not demand rich media. According to this theory, the face-to-face meeting for the in-class element of FL belongs to richer media and is thus better suited to challenging, equivocal learning activities; however, the online pre-class element is less rich media and is thus better used to deliver unequivocal learning content.

In contrast, some studies have argued that the quality of learners' pre-class learning significantly affects the overall success of FL (Bergmann & Sams, 2014). Based on the definition of FL, pre-class learning should be a gateway to in-class learning to facilitate its intended benefits. A well-designed FL class creates a tight link between what learners learn at home and what they do in class. When learners are not adequately prepared through pre-class learning, the path to in-class learning is obstructed and the essential advantage of FL—freeing up class time for more meaningful learning activities by offloading the delivery of new material before class—may be lost. However, in practice, learners commonly fail to see the importance of pre-class study and dismiss it as an additional supplementary task, or they simply lack the self-regulation to concentrate on pre-class work and complete it in a timely manner (He et al., 2016). For various reasons, under-prepared learners often have difficulty contributing to group activities, which can even demotivate well-prepared learners. How critical, then, is the pre-class to the overall success of FL? What affects its effectiveness? How can the pre-class be better designed? Previous research on FL practices indicates the need for empirical research that answers such questions on pre-class learning.

The modality effect of pre-class learning materials
Many practitioners are unsure whether video learning materials can adequately be replaced with reading assignments for pre-class learning (Lo, Hew, & Chen, 2017). This question is related to the evolving nature of the concept of FL as well as the effectiveness of learning materials with different modalities. There is a lack of consensus among researchers and practitioners on a recognized definition of FL (He et al., 2016). Some take the typical and stricter approach to defining FL pre-class learning materials and acknowledge only online video lectures (Bishop & Verleger, 2013; Lee, Lim, & Kim, 2017; Milman, 2013). Others use a broader definition of FL that includes not only video but also reading assignments, homework problems and PowerPoint presentations as pre-class learning materials (Lai & Hwang, 2016). Given that the defining role of pre-class material in FL is to prepare learners for in-class learning and to motivate them to learn further and deeper on their own, it follows that limiting the modality to only one type seems unnecessary. Moreover, the original concept of FL is undergoing changes. Whereas the original version focused on the pre-class online lecture using the term Flipped Class, a later version by the same authors took a broader and more flexible approach using the term Flipped Learning. As they observed, “What mattered was that they could do the science – that they could learn with or without my specific instruction” (Bergmann & Sams, 2014, p. 63).

Beyond the concept of FL, however, lies a practical curiosity about which modality of pre-class learning media is most effective for, and whether this modality fundamentally impacts the success of, FL. Although online video learning materials have proliferated and provided learners with rich and flexible learning opportunities (Chen & Wu, 2015), learners have been found to be vulnerable to distraction while watching online lectures by other websites, for instance (Milman, 2013). Nevertheless, theories such as cognitive load theory (CLT) and the cognitive theory of multimedia learning (CTML) have long supported multimedia learning. Studies comparing video learning materials with their auditory and visual modalities to printed reading materials with only visual modality indicate that video materials reduce cognitive load and optimize the germane capacity of working memory, thus enhancing learning performance better than printed materials (Mayer, 2014; Sweller, 2014). Questions remain, then, about whether video or reading material is more effective for FL pre-class learning and for FL learning overall. Despite the existence of theoretical conjecture and anecdotal evidence, little if any empirical research has addressed these questions.

The effect of learner characteristics on pre-class learning
Given the assumption that pre-class learning is a crucial gateway to achieving intended FL outcomes and that the modality of pre-class learning media can affect the success of pre-class learning and the success of FL overall, practitioners have sought to determine what factors other than learning media modality may affect the success of pre-class learning. Researchers have long suggested that diverse learner characteristics interact with the effects of media modality and ultimately impact learning outcomes (Mayer, 2014). Studies on FL have also indicated that FL does not work equally well for all students with different characteristics (Chen & Wu, 2015). Among the various learner characteristics that may affect FL outcomes, FL practitioners' attention has been drawn to factors regarding media and learning style since FL seeks to optimize different media and learner-directed learning.

Learners' media preferences and learning/cognitive styles have been shown to affect media effectiveness and learning performance (Chen & Wu, 2015; Cronbach & Snow, 1977). The attribute-treatment interaction (ATI) hypothesis claims that some learners learn most effectively with verbal materials (ie, verbalizers), whereas others learn most effectively with visual representations (ie, visualizers) (Mayer, 2014). Depending on the learning style of the learner, the effectiveness of different learning media (ie, static text only, image based, video based or interactive multimedia) may vary along with learners' preferences for verbal versus visual media and for talking versus writing (Chen & Wu, 2015). Additionally, studies have stressed that because the pre-class portion of FL is grounded in individual learning, the success of this portion of FL relies heavily on learners' time management and independent learning strategies, including self-regulation and self-direction (He at al., 2016; Lai & Hwang, 2016; Milman, 2013). Other studies have confirmed that FL is more effective for highly regulated, highly motivated and academically well-prepared learners (He et al., 2016; Lai & Hwang, 2016). Although many researchers have concurred that FL treatment effects can differ by learners' cognitive style and media preference and by learners' levels of self-regulation, self-directedness and academic performance, exactly how such variables affect FL pre-class learning seems to be unknown (Seufert, Schütze, & Brünken, 2009).

Research questions
This study addresses the critical significance of pre-class learning as a gateway to the intended benefits of FL and aims to address the lack of relevant research to support the growing practice of this pedagogical approach. More specifically, this paper strives to provide empirical evidence for the importance of FL pre-class learning and implications of the findings for the design and implementation of FL pre-classes. With these goals in mind, we pose the following research questions:
To what extent does pre-class learning contribute to the overall success of FL?
Which modality, video or written text, is a more effective way of delivering FL pre-class learning?
How do (1) modality-related learner variables (ie, media preference and learning style), (2) learning strategy-related learner variables (ie, self-regulation and self-directedness) and (3) learning outcome-related learner variables (ie, perceived learning readiness and academic performance) affect FL pre-class learning?
Methods
Context
This study was conducted in a semester-long life science course offered in the pre-dental curriculum of a school of dentistry located in Seoul, Korea. Five tutors collaboratively ran the course. This study was approved by the Institutional Review Board of the participating university under the number S-D20160021.

Course design
This course was designed following the FL model and included pre-class individual learning, in-class quizzes, in-class mini-lectures and in-class discussions and debates. The pre-class learning required learners to engage in self-study while watching videos or reading course materials. The in-class learning consisted of quizzes (10 minutes) to check learners' understanding of pre-class learning content and a mini-lecture (15 minutes) to wrap up the pre-class content and introduce in-class activities. Finally, students participated in a 90-minute in-class discussion related to the learning objectives of the week. The students were randomly divided into five different discussion groups each week.

Pre-class learning materials
The students were provided with two to four YouTube video clips produced by the National Geographic Channel and the Education Broadcasting System in Korea or with weekly reading materials. Five units of video materials were offered from weeks 2 to 5. The students were given reading materials for the remaining four units from weeks 8 to 12. The video materials were selected by the course teaching team to balance the difficulty level of the learning content.

Evaluation
Each student's total score for the course was composed of attendance (10%), quizzes (30%) and discussion (30%), as well as the final exam (30%). Each quiz consisted of 10 questions about the video clips or reading materials. The evaluation of the discussion section was based on the scores given by tutors and peers each week. The final exam included multiple-choice, short-answer, descriptive-essay and discussion-essay items. All of evaluation components were reviewed and agreed on by the five tutors for their validity; they were scored based on pre-developed criteria and rubrics after calibration for reliable evaluation.

Participants
Among the 81 students enrolled in the course, 61 participated in this study. Female students constituted 44.3% (n = 27) of the sample, and the remaining 55.7% were male (n = 34). The participants were juniors (n = 28, 45.9%) and sophomores (n = 33, 54.1%). Data were collected throughout the 2016 spring semester.

Instrument
The data used in the analyses were derived from both the students' scores for the course and a self-report questionnaire. This questionnaire was constructed with four sets of validated survey items measuring modality-related variables (ie, media preference and learning style), learning strategy-related variables (ie, self-regulation and self-directedness) and perceived learning readiness. The questionnaire employed a 5-point Likert scale (1 = strongly disagree, 5 = strongly agree). The validity of the instrument achieved by the established validity of the sub-instruments from which the items were drawn and was also confirmed by expert reviews (four educational researchers and five tutors), all of whom considered the questions highly relevant to the purpose and context of this study. A pilot test of the questionnaire was conducted with five college students and indicated that no modifications were necessary. The reliability of each set of instrument in this study was calculated statistically using Cronbach's alpha, which was all within the desirable threshold. The validity and reliability of each set of survey items are described below.

Modality-related learner variables
Questions on learners' media preference and learning style were included in the survey questionnaire. To measure each learner's media preference, the students were asked to answer two questions (ie, “Do you prefer watching video clips?” and “Do you prefer reading things?”). The CITE Learning Styles Instrument was used to measure the students' learning style. The nine items asking about learning style were drawn from the CITE Learning Styles Instrument (Matzin, Shahrill, Mahalle, Hamid, & Mundi, 2013). The internal reliabilities were 0.902 for written expressiveness (M = 3.25, SD = 0.92) and 0.690 for oral expressiveness (M = 2.80, SD = 0.75).

Learning strategy-related learner variables
In this study, the learning strategy-related learner variables consisted of questions for self-directedness and self-regulation. Although debates continue on the distinction between these two concepts, the items on self-regulation largely asked about learners' managerial behavior and strategies whereas items on self-direction asked about learners' metacognition and motivation. The four items for self-regulation and the five items for self-directedness were drawn from the framework of the QCA (the Qualifications and Curriculum Authority, UK). In total, 11 items were adopted and modified from the validated Korean version of the QCA (Kim & Kim, 2014). These items for self-regulation included, “I complete assignments according to the deadline,” “I plan to study and proceed with the learning plan,” and “I plan to make a schedule for my studying and tasks.” Items of self-directedness included, “I actively gather the data needed for tests or tasks compared to other students” and “I keep thinking about studying when I am studying something important.” The Cronbach's alpha values were 0.627 for self-regulation (M = 3.38, SD = 0.52) and 0.747 for self-directedness (M = 3.38, SD = 0.45).

Learning readiness
To assess the learners' learning readiness, we selected items from the Korean National Survey of Student Engagement based on the U.S. National Survey of Student Engagement, UK National Student Survey and Australian Course Experience Questionnaire (Yu, 2010). Five items for learning readiness were selected. The Cronbach's alpha was 0.600 (M = 3.18, SD = 0.61).

Data analyses
To answer the research questions, we conducted a correlation analysis, multiple and simple linear regressions and a paired-sample t-test. The preliminary assumptions of each method were assessed. First, the multicollinearity assumption was met with a Variance Inflation Factor below 10 and tolerance values above 0.729 for all the variables. Second, the assumption of linearity and homoscedasticity was met with the random pattern scatter plot of the residuals against the values of the outcomes. Third, the assumption of normality was met with the symmetrical and approximately bell-shaped histogram and normal probability plot showing normally distributed residuals.

Results
The effect of pre-class learning on FL learning performance
The pre-class quiz scores, in-class discussion scores and final exam scores were significantly correlated, as shown in Table 1. The quiz scores for pre-class learning (r = 0.602) (moderate to strong association) and in-class discussions (r = 0.337) (small to moderate association) were positively correlated with the students' final learning performance (Cohen, 1988; Ferguson, 2009). The quiz scores for pre-class learning were also significantly correlated with the in-class discussion scores (r = 0.515). A multiple regression analysis was used to examine the extent to which pre-class learning affected the learners' performance in FL. The results indicated that the two predictors explained 36.4% of the variance (Adj. R2 = 0.342, F(2, 58) = 16.579, p < .000). It was found that pre-class learning significantly predicted final FL learning performance (β = 0.583, p < .000).
The effect of learning material modality on pre-class learning
A paired-sample t-test was conducted to compare the learners' perceived readiness and pre-class quiz performances when provided with video materials and reading materials. For the learners' perceived readiness, there was no significant difference between video and reading materials with regard to the learners' perceived readiness for class in the video weeks (M = 3.11, SD = 0.81) or the reading weeks (M = 3.25, SD = 1.09); t(60) = −1.015, p = .299, d = −0.14). For the learners' pre-class quiz performances, scores were significantly higher for the video weeks (M = 66.71, SD = 14.09) than for the reading weeks (M = 60.47, SD = 15.68); t(57) = 4.204, p < .000, d = 6.24). These results confirmed that although the two material modalities did not promote perceived learning readiness, pre-class learning performance with video materials was superior to that with reading materials.

Learner characteristics and the effect of pre-class learning
A correlation analysis was performed to determine the relationships among modality-related learner variables, learning strategy-related learner variables, learning readiness and learning performance for pre-class learning. The Pearson's correlation coefficients among the variables are summarized in Table 2. Correlations among learner preference for media, learning style, self-regulation, learner readiness and quiz scores for pre-class learning were not significant. However, self-directedness was positively correlated with learner readiness (r = 0.368) and quiz scores for pre-class learning (r = 0.342).
Stepwise multiple regressions were conducted to investigate the influences of media preference, learning style, self-directedness and self-regulation on perceived learning readiness and quiz scores, with the result that learners' self-directedness was the only significant variable for both the perceived learning readiness and pre-class learning performance. Other variables (preference-video/reading, learning style oral/written) were not statistically significant and did not enter into the equation at later steps of the analysis. As shown in Table 3, the final models suggested that self-directedness explained 13.5% of the variance in perceived learning readiness (Adj. R2 = 0.120, F(1, 59) = 9.216, p < .01) and 12.0% of the variance in pre-class learning performance (Adj. R2 = 0.102, F(1, 59) = 7.798, p < .01). These results suggest that self-directedness could significantly predict learners' perceived learning readiness (β = 0.368, t(59) = 3.036, p < .01) and pre-class learning performance (β = 0.307, t(59) = 2.478, p < .05). The prediction of perceived learning readiness and pre-class learning performance by self-directedness has a medium effect size according to Cohen's guidelines.
Discussion and conclusion
This study addresses the practical questions that FL practitioners commonly have and the lack of relevant research on issues related to the FL pre-class. We explored the extent to which pre-class learning affects the overall success of FL and how it can be optimized in relation to the modality of learning materials and learners' characteristics.

The role of pre-class learning in FL
Pre-class learning was found to be positively correlated with final learning outcome, and the strength of this relationship was fairly strong, almost twice that between in-class learning and outcome. Furthermore, pre-class learning and in-class learning were strongly and positively correlated. The influence of pre-class learning on final FL success was found to be much larger than common conjectures suggest. This result suggests the need to rethink the role of pre-class learning in successful FL. Pre-class learning can serve as a phase in which learners prepare for learner-centered in-class learning activities. The preparatory role of pre-class learning can work not only as a “lever” to lift learners up to being self-directed, motivated learners but also as an “equalizer” to move low- and middle-performing students up to a common ground of knowledge for collaborative learning tasks (Jong, 2017). Studies have noted that low- and middle-performing students often tend to neglect pre-class learning and are underprepared for in-class learning, resulting in difficulty contributing to group activities, which can consequently demotivate both themselves and well-prepared learners (He et al., 2016). Well-designed and well-implemented pre-class learning can empower both low- and middle-achieving learners to be better prepared for an upcoming class and to attain better learning achievement by having more time to process new information than in a traditional classroom (Khanova, Roth, Rodgers, & McLaughlin, 2015). The even levels of learner readiness also afford diverse and challenging collaborative learning activities for FL in-class learning.

The modality of pre-class learning material
We investigated the comparative effectiveness of different modalities of FL pre-class learning materials. The results largely supported the CLT (Sweller, 2014) and the CTML (Mayer, 2014). The learners learned better through video materials for pre-class learning than through reading assignments, even if their perceived readiness levels did not differ. In other words, the modality effect was valid in this FL context, which means that the attributes of video lectures facilitated learning more effectively than those of reading materials. From the scheme of CLT, video lectures can reduce extraneous processing and save cognitive capacity for intrinsic and germane processing. Reading materials require learners to engage in more extraneous processing within the visual channel by looking back and forth. The unnecessary extraneous load limits learners' cognitive capacity that is available for retaining, organizing and integrating learning content, processes constituting intrinsic and germane processing. The results of this study were also supported by the CTML that video lectures can promote both intrinsic and germane processing by constructing new mental knowledge integrated with existing prior knowledge (Mayer, 2001). Some studies building on CLT and the CTML have posited that the modality principle is particularly valid in the context of limited learning time (Harskamp, Mayer, & Suhre, 2007). Although one advantage of video lectures is the possibility for individual learners to repeat learning content as much as they wish, the actual time available for preparing for a particular class is certainly not limitless, which means that the efficiency of the cognitive processing of learning materials matters, and efficiency is essentially equal to effectiveness in the FL context.

Learners' self-directedness
Regarding the third and final research question, the results indicate that learners' self-directedness is a significant factor that influences perceived learning readiness and performance in pre-class learning. The outcomes of FL pre-class learning were not affected by modality-related learner variables (ie, learners' media preference and learning style), nor were they influenced by learners' self-regulation, such as time and task management and self-control. These results indicate that the learner characteristic that matters for successful FL is self-directedness rather than self-regulation or media aptitude.

A line of research represented by the classic ATI hypothesis (Cronbach & Snow, 1977) has argued that learner characteristics related to media modality affect learning outcomes. Some studies contend that such learner characteristics can play an important role in learning outcomes, particularly in the context of an online learning environment where learning media is a crucial component (Chen & Wu, 2015). Others claim that the learner's autonomy and willingness to take responsibility for his or her own learning is more important than the learner's media aptitude (Ettazarini, 2017). This study supports the latter line of research, suggesting that distance and individual learning in isolation can be a challenge that may obstruct meaningful learning.

The finding that self-directedness was an influential factor, whereas self-regulation was not, may have meaningful implications. Studies propose that learners' self-regulation is a significant variable for FL pre-class success (He at al., 2016; Lai & Hwang, 2016; Milman, 2013), which is inconsistent with the results of this study. Self-directedness is a more advanced level of self-regulation and is more closely related to a learner's intrinsic motivation. Since FL learners tend to regard pre-class learning as a supplementary FL component (He et al., 2016), the impact of motivational factors can be even greater in pre-class learning situations. Stockdale and Brockett (2011) emphasize the role of self-directedness, arguing that it is what allows learners to be aware of their own knowledge, sustain learning activities and expand their learning through peers and instructors.

In conclusion, FL pre-class learning is strongly and positively correlated with final learning outcome, and the strength of this relationship is almost twice that of in-class learning. The intended learning outcome of FL will benefit considerably from well-designed and well-monitored pre-class learning. The multimedia modality and learners' self-directedness significantly influence perceived learning readiness and performance in pre-class learning. Designing efficient and effective media for cognitive processing and motivating learners to be self-directed will be key factors in the success of FL.

Several practical implications to guide practitioners can be noted. First, multimedia design principles are effective in designing FL pre-class learning. Multimedia learning materials must be utilized to minimize extraneous cognitive load for learners. Even when reading materials are necessary, a brief video that introduces the content of the reading materials may prove helpful. Additionally, core learning content must be covered concisely within a limited time duration, suggested by many to be less than 15 minutes (Lo & Hew, 2017). Second, strategies must be implemented to ensure that learners truly gain the knowledge included in the pre-class material. For instance, worksheets to be completed during pre-class lectures can be distributed, instructors should monitor how well learners have comprehended pre-class content, mini-lectures should reflect the content of pre-class materials, and quiz scores on pre-class learning should be seriously considered for a final evaluation. Finally, instructors must assist learners who have low self-directedness. In the context of FL, the significance of the pre-class portion must be emphasized so that these students understand its importance and become more motivated. Additionally, learning systems can employ learning analytics to automatically generate warnings for learners who frequently neglect pre-class learning.

This study includes some limitations that may provide opportunities for future research. Some of the data used in this study, such as that on media preference, learning style, self-regulation, self-directedness and learning readiness, were collected through self-reported surveys. Although the self-report measure is commonly accepted as similar to direct measures, intervening performance or observation bias may still affect self-report data. Future studies with directly measured hard data, especially of learning outcomes, would lead to more valid and sophisticated analyses. Divergence among the video materials may also have influenced the results. More research is needed to explore the impact of different types of video and reading materials for further investigation.

This study does not claim that FL pre-class learning is more important than FL in-class learning. Rather, it aims to shed new light on how pre-class learning serves as a gateway to in-class learning and how the success of FL depends on the connectedness of the two portions. The central issue of FL is to find an optimal blend of offline and online learning experiences. A simple mix of technology or a combination of online and offline portions does not amount to an integration of the two parts; the advantages of both environments must complement each other. This study hopes to contribute to the design of the oft-neglected pre-class component to ultimately facilitate an optimal FL experience for learners.

Acknowledgement
This study is supported by Research Resettlement Fund for the New Faculty of Seoul National University. We owe particular thanks to participating tutors for their support in implementing the course under study.

Conflict of interest
There is no potential conflict of interest related to this study.

Biographies
Jihyun Lee is an assistant professor with the School of Dentistry and Dental Research Institute at the Seoul National University. She received her Master Degree with Technology in Education from Harvard Graduate School of Education, and her Ph.D. in Educational Technology from Seoul National University. Her research interests include dental/medical education, model development methodology, flipped learning, and technology integration for higher-order thinking.

Hyoseon Choi is an assistant professor with the College of Medicine at the Chosun University. She received her Master and Ph. D. in Educational Technology from Seoul National University. Her research interests include medical education, flipped learning, problem based learning, higher-order thinking, technology integration for learning, research methodology, and competency-based education.